Hi Emanuele and Neil,

I start to put some results obtained with the code described in my
previous mail on wiki at

https://lisa-light.aei.mpg.de/bin/view/SMBHBEvaluation/ParametersEstimation

I should have more results tomorrow.

By the way, I miss to give you a code name so I used : 
LC2PrecHHInsp

Best,
Antoine

***

Hi Emanuele and Neil,

I attach the description of our work on inspiral precessing high
harmonics waveform for SMBH binaries (
Description_LC2PrecHHInsp-AEI.txt ) .

I also attach a catalogue ( SMBHTestSrc_ext.dat ) of 4 tests sources
that we used and the corresponding results ( FIM-LISA-SMBHTestSrc.txt
) : the first one is almost the canonical binary (s1=s2=0.0001,
eta=0.2499997) and the 3 others are the source 8, 14 & 27 of
realization 1 of catalogue LC.

If needed I can also provide the results for the same catalogue using
lisatools (waveform and detector response).

We have results for LC and LEm catalogues and the catalogues SC and
SEm are almost done.  I still need to make some checking and plots but
I hope to send that in 1 or 2 days.

Stas will provide similar the things for PhenomC results and I will
provide that for the work in progress with Numerical relativity group
at AEI as soon as we will have results

Let me know , if you need more information.

Thanks.

Best,
Antoine

***

Dear Monica,

I attach to this mail the graphics that we did with Stas for the
figure SNR versus redshift.

The associated data (computed by Stas) are also included ( the columns
are z mean_spin0, min_spin0, max_spin0, mean_spin09, min_spin09,
max_spin09 ) .

There are two types of graphics, so you can choose (and of course we
can do more if you want !).

The corresponding captions are :

+ For figures : 
  SNRz_ELISA_spin00.eps		ELISA(NGO)	spin = 0
  SNRz_ELISA_spin09.eps				ELISA(NGO)	spin = 0.9
  SNRz_LISA_spin00.eps    			LISA		       spin = 0
  SNRz_LISA_spin09.eps 						       LISA	spin = 0.9

"SNR versus redshift for ELISA/LISA obtained using the
inspiral-merger-ringdown waveform PhenomC [Santamaria2010] with spin =
0/0.9.

The black line corresponds to the mean value and the grey area to the
the distribution, (i.e. low limit corresponds to the minimal SNR and
high limit to the maximal one).

These results are based on a catalogue of 15360 sources with
parameters randomly chosen in distributions which mix several
astrophysical models."

+ For figures : 
  eLISAhorSNR.png	ELISA(NGO)
  LISAhorSNR.png		LISA

"SNR versus redshift for ELISA/LISA obtained using the
inspiral-merger-ringdown waveform PhenomC [Santamaria2010] with spin =
0 (top panel) and 0.9 (bottom panel).

The black line corresponds to the mean value and the grey area to the
the distribution, (i.e. low limit corresponds to the minimal SNR and
high limit to the maximal one).

These results are based on a catalogue of 15360 sources with
parameters randomly chosen in distributions which mix several
astrophysical models."

Reference :

[Santamaria2010] L. Santamaria, F. Ohme, P. Ajith, B. Bruegmann,
N. Dorband, M. Hannam, S. Husa, P. Moesta, D. Pollney, C. Reisswig,
E. L. Robinson, J. Seiler and B. Krishnan, Phys. Rev. D 82, 064016
(2010)

There are not nice but we can improve.

We hope it helps.

Please ask to me and Stas, if you need more informations, change in
the figures, formats, etc ...

Best regards,
Antoine
