Ciao amici

I have now looked at the data with spins. Once I got round to it, it
didn't take too long, but apologies for the delay in getting
started. I have attached a few plots for your perusal. These are all
using just 3 months of data, and filter assumptions 2 (i.e., 1 IFO,
snr 20, the most pessimistic ones). There are 8 plots, one each of
four different types for both config 2 and config 5.

The plots entitled "CovsCh..." show comparisons of model 1 to 2, and
model 3 to 4 with and without the spin information. From these we see
that, as we hoped, there is a significant improvement from including
spin information, in particular for the heavier seed models, 3 to 4.

The plots entitled "VHMvsBVR..." show the comparisons of model 1 to 3
and model 2 to 4, to show how the heavy to light seed models are
affected by the addition of the spin information. Here we also gain a
little, but much less than we did in the coherent versus chaotic
comparisons as we would expect since the heavy vs light comparisons
were much easier in the first place.

For completeness, in the figures "AllCompWithSpin..." and
"AllCompNoSpin..." I show all 6 model comparisons including the spin
information and not. Including spin we see that the comparisons are
all better, and more closely bunched, i.e., all model comparisons are
equally easy with this additional information.

I am doing the Bayesian CDF runs now, but the question is, what next?
Do we want to write a paper on this, or just include this information
in the Yellow Book, or extend the work into a longer paper, in which
case what else do youw ant to do?

Cheers,

Jon
